Yeah, I think what surprised me the most was how many different things
were going on. I remember the first time I went to my first bio psychology
conference. So there's a new annual conference called the Society
for Neuroscience. And I remember going to the first one, and I
was This was when I was in my PhD program and there were it was in
this huge convention center and in this one just ginormous room, Um,
there were probably, like, 1000 posters and so posters, or where researchers
go to kind of share their latest information and beat with
other people who are kind of interested in the same things and talk
to them. So they were like at least 1000 posters in this room, and
these posters changed from the morning to the evening. So in the morning
there were 1000 posters, and in the evening there were 1000 posters,
and it did this for five days, and I was just absolutely blown
away by how many different things people are looking at just really
how big this field is. Just just neuroscience. Bio psychology, like
not even psychology, is a general field like so So I think that's amazing.
It's it can be very overwhelming. It could be like Oh my goodness
gracious. But I think the thing that's really exciting about it
is that if you are kind of like trying to figure out like, Well, what
do I want to do? Really, there are so many options open to you,
anything that you can think of. There's probably somebody already semi
looking at that or semi doing that and you can learn from them. So
really, just it's limitless what you want to dio.